Underperformance policy (#1361)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/peopleops/organization.md

can signal underperformance, as it disrupts workflow and impacts productivity.
1. Non-compliance with company policies. Failure to adhere to company policies,
procedures, or ethical standards can constitute underperformance, as it
undermines the company's culture and values.

It's important to note that underperformance is not limited to a single category;
it can be a combination of factors that hinder an employee's ability to
contribute effectively to the organization.

### Identification of Underperformance

Either the manager or the employee in questions can identify underperformance.
Identification is always discussed in the first 1:1 meeting between the manager
and employee.
The manager is tasked with with addressing the underperformance, and may
formulate a plan to remedy the situation. All plans cover at most the next
four weeks.

When the employee self identified underperformance, the manager must create a
plan for at least the next two weeks.

All cases of underperformance must be documented by the manager through email to
the CEO and CTO with the timespan of a potential plan created by the employee's
manager.

### Performance Improvement Plan (PIP)

> After  plan formulated by the manager has not returned the employee to performance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the plan formulated by the manager has not returned the employee to performance
```

that is considered on par with the expectations of their role the CEO and manager
will create a PIP for the employee.

> **A PIP is a genuine change from FlowFuse the employee.** While other companies
> use PIPs soley to provide the legal documentation for termination, at FlowFuse a
> PIP is intended to set the bar for both the manager and employee and have transparency
> around expected performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A PIP is a genuine opportunity from FlowFuse to the employee to get where they need to be.** While other companies
use PIPs solely to provide the legal documentation for termination, at FlowFuse a
PIP is intended to set the bar for both the manager and employee and have transparency
around expected performance.
```
